So let's have a look at how we add this to Android and we're going to start with the standard steps
you always have to do for any library that accesses native device features.
First of all, copy these two green lines and you will always find these instructions for any library
you install,
go into the Android folder and there, to the settings.gradle file. Simply add them somewhere below
the content that's already in there,
make sure to remove that plus here.
Now this of course is the code specific for this library but whichever library you use, in the end here,
it's always the library name,
so is the case here and all the other code is the same,
you then also just have a path to the library and there to the Android folder.
So these are the things you need to exchange and for pretty much all libraries you're using,
you'll find the exact instructions in the documentation,
I just want you to understand what's happening here,
with that we're basically making Android aware of the Android specific code of that library we're using.
We're not done yet though,
we also need to add some code to our build gradle file in the app subfolder, so Android app build gradle,
don't put it into the build gradle file we have directly in the Android folder,
that's a common mistake,
take the one in the app folder and there, simply scroll down until you reach dependencies.
There you will find react native
and now you add this line where you also add compile project with your library name.
Now onto the last step, you have to add an import to your MainApplication.java file,
you can find it in Android app source, Java
and there's the MainApplication.java file and in there, simply add the import below the other imports
and then you need to add one entry to a function you'll find here, protected lists get packages.
Simply add a comma after new main react package and add this one
and if you add more libraries, simply add commas and add them after and after. And that's it,
these are the standard steps for connecting a native feature dependent library to Android.
Now for this library, we also need to do something to copy over the fonts just as we did with iOS, we
could do this manually here,
copy fonts into Android apps source main assets fonts or use this approach to basically copy it automatically.
Now since it's recommended, I'm going to do that,
so I'm going to copy this line of code
and again, this is just specific to this library now, not a standard step you always have to do,
it's just for this library because we need the fonts.
So there, we also go to Android app build gradle,
so the build gradle in the apps folder not the one on the root folder and there, we add this line somewhere in
there,
so simply add it at bottom. This however is only used if you want to copy all fonts, if you just want
some of them,
copy the next code snippet instead and use that instead of the code we just based it in.
And there,
I'm just going to copy my ionicons and no other fonts, so I'm going to remove that and here, this line is
still needed.
So with that, we get this all set up and the next time you build your Android app with npm run Android,
it should copy over all these fonts and enable
this application, this library.
So let's close all these folders and let's see if that works by simply trying to use that library and add
an icon to our app.